How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    its going to pinpoint the differnce between two  files and will save me trouble of going through eah line of the file and then compare it.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?
  - it will help me idenify my own thinking patterns and why i changed the file, which would help me become more efficient programmer.
    
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    - pros - it saves you trouble of doing the work manually
   - cons - sometimes you might be unaware of the change made 
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

   i think git do a good job in saving multiple files which can be helpful in comparing different filesi  in future.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
 - i have no idea right now

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    it can help me identify buggy code


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

   i have no idea right now 

having history of the files can help me become an efficient programmer in the long run as it will help me identify the changes i made in the file and why i made these changes in the file

- i thinnk one of the pors of commit manually is that it allows you to control the amount of historyy.
- cons on the other hand are that you have to make decision by yourself to commit or not.
right nowi just want to run into a wall and hit my head in there but i 
am pretty sure that the time i am spending right will pay off in future to come. 

staginig area kinda gives you the idea wha files we are about to commit
this is kinda cool but the learning curve is very steep. once you get pass the curve things are lot easier for you